[Feature] Added support to save non-tensor data in tensor class (#157)
pytorch-labs/tensordict: docs/source/reference/prototype.rst

behaviour from :obj:`TensorDict` while being able to restrict the possible entries
to a predefined set or implement custom methods for your class.
Like :obj:`TensorDict`, :obj:`@tensorclass` supports nesting, indexing, reshaping,
item assignment and many more features. :obj:`@tensorclass` allows non-tensor entries,

> however all the tensor operations are strictly restricted to tensor attributes. One

Reviewer: I would expand this a bit. 
- how are supported
- an example of operation
- how nested tensordict and nested tensorclass work

Author: Agreed ! Let's raise a separate issue to update the documentation with all the use cases?

Author: Added few examples and the edge cases for the documentation

    non_tensordata='test',
    nested=None,
    batch_size=torch.Size([3, 4]),
    device=None,
    is_shared=False)
  >>> data.nested = MyData(
  ...     floatdata = torch.randn(3, 4, 5),
  ...     intdata=torch.randint(10, (3, 4, 1)),
  ...     non_tensordata="nested_test",
  ...     batch_size=[3, 4]
  ... )
  >>> print("nested:", data)
  nested: MyData(
    floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.float32, is_shared=False),
    intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.int64, is_shared=False),
    non_tensordata='test',
    nested=MyData(
        floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.float32, is_shared=False),
        intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.int64, is_shared=False),
        non_tensordata='nested_test',
        nested=None,
        batch_size=torch.Size([3, 4]),
        device=None,
        is_shared=False),
    batch_size=torch.Size([3, 4]),
    device=None,
    is_shared=False)

:obj:`@tensorclass` supports indexing. Internally the tensor objects gets indexed,

> however the non-tensor data remains same

Reviewer 2: remains the same

.. code-block::

 >>>print("indexed:", data[:2])
 indexed: MyData(
    floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([2, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.float32, is_shared=False),
    intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([2, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.int64, is_shared=False),
    non_tensordata='test',
    nested=MyData(
        floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([2, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.float32, is_shared=False),
        intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([2, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.int64, is_shared=False),
        non_tensordata='nested_test',
        nested=None,
        batch_size=torch.Size([2, 4]),
        device=None,
        is_shared=False),
    batch_size=torch.Size([2, 4]),
    device=None,
    is_shared=False)

> :obj:`@tensorclass` also supports and get and set attributes. One can also access
> nested tensor class data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:obj:`@tensorclass` also supports setting and resetting attributes, even for nested objects.
```

.. code-block::

 >>> data.non_tensordata = "test_changed"
 >>> print("data.non_tensordata: ", repr(data.non_tensordata))
 data.non_tensordata: 'test_changed'

 >>> data.floatdata = torch.ones(3, 4, 5)
 >>>print("data.floatdata:", data.floatdata)
 data.floatdata: tensor([[[1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.]],

        [[1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.]],

        [[1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.],
         [1., 1., 1., 1., 1.]]])

 >>> # Changing nested tensor data
 >>> data.nested.non_tensordata = "nested_test_changed"
 >>>print("data.nested.non_tensordata:", repr(data.nested.non_tensordata))
 data.nested.non_tensordata: 'nested_test_changed'

> :obj:`@tensorclass` supports torch functions and the behavior is extened to

Reviewer 2: it does not support all torch functions
we should be clear that it's a subset of torch functions, mostly shape operations, and no algebraic operations.

> nested tensor classes as well.Note that the operations are strictly restricted

Reviewer 2: `classes as well. Note`

Author: > > Let me know if you want me to change this
> 
> Docstrings are good no worry. Is there anything outstanding?

Almost done. working on documenting the edge cases

> to tensor data types

Reviewer 2: I think we should say something like
```
@tensorclass supports multiple torch operations over the shape and device of its content, such as `stack`, `cat`, `reshape` or `to(device)`. To get a full list of the supported operations, check the tensordict documentation.
```

Here is an example:

.. code-block::

 >>>data2 = data.clone()
 >>>cat_tc = torch.cat([data, data2], 0)
 >>>print("Concatenated data:", catted_tc)
 Concatenated data: MyData(
    floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([6, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.float32, is_shared=False),
    intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([6, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.int64, is_shared=False),
    non_tensordata='test_changed',
    nested=MyData(
        floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([6, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.float32, is_shared=False),
        intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([6, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.int64, is_shared=False),
        non_tensordata='nested_test_changed',
        nested=None,
        batch_size=torch.Size([6, 4]),
        device=None,
        is_shared=False),
    batch_size=torch.Size([6, 4]),
    device=None,

>     is_shared=False)

Reviewer 2: Let's create an "edge cases" section where we describe less intuitive behaviours, such as `__eq__`, what happens when a `None` value is assigned with a tensor and so forth.

Author: > Let's create an "edge cases" section where we describe less intuitive behaviours, such as `__eq__`, what happens when a `None` value is assigned with a tensor and so forth.

@vmoens  Adding the following to the edge cases:
1. Equality and inequality operations ( non-tensor data not validated here)
2. Set_item (Non-tensor data is validated at identity instead of equality)
3. cat/stack operations (No validation for non-tensor data in the list  and first tensor class object non-tensor data is considered while returning)
4. Pre-allocation. 

Quick question on pre-allocation. Do we want to tell users how we save and change them internally? I think since its internal we can just add it to the normal operations saying that tensorclass supports pre-allocation instead of an edge case. Wdyt?

Author: Added it to Edge cases for now

This will return a tensor class object with boolean values for
tensor attributes and None for non-tensor attributes

Here is an example:

.. code-block::

 >>> print(data == data2)
 MyData(
    floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.bool, is_shared=False),
    intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.bool, is_shared=False),
    non_tensordata=None,
    nested=MyData(
        floatdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 5]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.bool, is_shared=False),
        intdata=Tensor(shape=torch.Size([3, 4, 1]), device=cpu, dtype=torch.bool, is_shared=False),
        non_tensordata=None,
        nested=None,
        batch_size=torch.Size([3, 4]),
        device=None,
        is_shared=False),
    batch_size=torch.Size([3, 4]),
    device=None,
    is_shared=False)

:obj:`@tensorclass` supports setting an item. However, while setting an item
the identity check of non-tensor / meta data is done instead of equality to
avoid performance issues. User needs to make sure that the non-tensor data
of an item matches with the object to avoid discrepancies.

Here is an example:

> While setting an item with different non_tensor data, a UserWarning will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While setting an item with different ``non_tensor`` data, a :class:`UserWarning` will be
```
